add_dressing_core add_dressing
add_dressing_post add_dressing
add_dressing_prep add_dressing
add_oil_core add_oil
add_oil_post add_oil
add_oil_prep add_oil
add_pepper_core add_pepper
add_pepper_post add_pepper
add_pepper_prep add_pepper
add_salt_core null
add_salt_post null
add_salt_prep null
add_vinegar_core null
add_vinegar_post null
add_vinegar_prep null
cut_cheese_core cut
cut_cheese_post cut
cut_cheese_prep cut
cut_cucumber_core cut
cut_cucumber_post cut
cut_cucumber_prep cut
cut_lettuce_core cut
cut_lettuce_post cut
cut_lettuce_prep cut
cut_tomato_core cut
cut_tomato_post cut
cut_tomato_prep cut
mix_dressing_core mix_dressing
mix_dressing_post mix_dressing
mix_dressing_prep mix_dressing
mix_ingredients_core mix_ingredients
mix_ingredients_post mix_ingredients
mix_ingredients_prep mix_ingredients
peel_cucumber_core peel_cucumber
peel_cucumber_post peel_cucumber
peel_cucumber_prep peel_cucumber
place_cheese_into_bowl_core place
place_cheese_into_bowl_post place
place_cheese_into_bowl_prep place
place_cucumber_into_bowl_core place
place_cucumber_into_bowl_post place
place_cucumber_into_bowl_prep place
place_lettuce_into_bowl_core place
place_lettuce_into_bowl_post place
place_lettuce_into_bowl_prep place
place_tomato_into_bowl_core place
place_tomato_into_bowl_post place
place_tomato_into_bowl_prep place
serve_salad_onto_plate_core serve_salad_onto_plate
serve_salad_onto_plate_post serve_salad_onto_plate
serve_salad_onto_plate_prep serve_salad_onto_plate
